Zhoubao is the leading profession in Tianhai City.
Poems that can be cooperated are unjust. Not to mention acquisitions.
Yeah, bro. Acquisition of Tianmei,
It’s not just the money that’s so big. As long as we go up this building,
It’s beautiful, so it’s perfect for us.
Even if you don’t have these wastes, you still want to acquire Tianmei’s Food Company.
Li Fen, don’t think that you are arrogant because you have certified a few bad money.
Acquisition is a wrong dream.
Wang Qing, everyone is here and the sky is watching
Be careful, you may end up starving yourself
self-eating
All I know is that once you make money, you’ll run out of money soon.
Then you will
When the time comes, just block it and watch the good intentions.
I won’t play with your trash anymore.
And what are you being stimulated by?
To say such incomprehensible words
I saw him with Liu Buliang before
It seems that he has taken refuge with the Liu family.
I will definitely find a way to regain my place.
There will definitely be trouble if you leave two here.
But it’s not certain who has the right path.